It's not really the heart of the ocean.
That is to say
This pair of a brand subsidiary
So I say it's true
But not the true heart of the ocean
Ye Chen, how dare you give me a stone of doom?
Do you want to kill me no no no
When I bought it
He clearly told me it was the heart of the ocean
Oops, you still don't get it.
What he sold you is indeed the heart of the ocean
But it's hope.
It's not really the heart of the ocean.
The weight of the genuine product is 242 carats.
How could this be?
So Yechen
You lost.
My good uncle bought your heart of the ocean
Heart of the Ocean to
to
Take the Heart of the Ocean to Uncle Xu for identification
The weight is correct
This is the true heart of the ocean